README.md, before:

# Prop Hunt (Hide'n'Seek) - Original #
Prop Hunt plays much like a Hide and Seek. Players on the RED team, disguised as props, are given a 30 second set up time to hide, and afterwards players on the BLUE team must find and kill them in the given time period. At the end of each round, teams are swapped: Hunters (BLUE) become the Hunted (RED) and vice versa. Respawns aren’t permitted until the end of each round. 
-Originally made for TF2 - 

## PLEASE READ THIS - PLEASE READ THIS - PLEASE READ THIS - PLEASE READ THIS ##
I still have issues supporting this H&S mod cause of my little free time, sorry! I'll do my best. 
They might not work correctly with this/other mod/s on the workshop or they also might not work at all, damage your PC, burn your house down with lemons or even kill your cat. (Yep, true story!) 

## Known issues ##
ATTENTION! the addons "Post Processing PLUS" and "Player Weld Tool" are incompatible and have conflicts with the "Prop Hunt" mod if you have the "Post Processing PLUS" and "Player Weld Tool" addons enabled you cannot play the Prop Hunt mod, 
to play Prop Hunt mod disable these addons. 
(Thanks to ALMAJ) 

## F.A.Q. ##
Q: How do I download/subscribe/get this? 
A: It's pretty easy, just press the BIG GREEN button, and automatically Steam will install this for you 

Q: I Subscribed to Prop Hunt, Why it doesn't show in the Steam Library? 
A: Actually It downloads automatically when you launch Garry's Mod, When it's finished downloading, You can chose the gamemode from there. 

Q: I read A1, But I still did not get the addon. 
A: Do you have Garry’s mod? If not, then purchase the game. 

Q: Why do I need Garry’s mod for Prop Hunt to work? 
A: Well, Actually Prop Hunt is a gamemode addon for Garry's Mod. 

Q: Do I need something else to play? 
A: This gamemode might require CS:S for some props/maps. Anyway if you bought GMOD with CS:S you're ready to go ;) 

Q: How do I disguise as a prop? 
A: You need to be in the "hiders" team, obviously. If so, place yourself in front of a prop and press 'E'. 

Q: How do I swap team? 
A: Just press 'F2' 

Q: How can I taunt? <-- MUST TRY! 
A: Just press 'F3' when in prop mode. 

Q: I don't know ho this works! 
A: Check out the discussion "Help for Newer Players." by "☾ ILikeStargates ٣٩٤#" 

Q: There are error symbols and purple-black checkerboard .-. 
A: Check out the discussion "Solution for error symbols and purple-black checkerboard." 

Q: How do I play the game? 
A: You need at least one player in each team (Props and Hunters). The props (initially with Dr. Kleiner's skin) need to choose a prop in the current map and press 'E' to disguise as it. The Hunters need to find and kill them by shooting suspicious objects. If a hunter shoots an enemy team component, he gains some life points, elseif it loses some. 

Q: How do I use the fretta map vote? 
A: Actually, it's still a beta in this mod, I'm trying to fix it. Now you can only manually select a map from server list. 

## FOUND A BUG? ##
FIRST TRY TO DISABLE ALL PLUGINS! Check out also the incompatible plugins in the known issues thread u.u 
Just fill this form: {COLLEGAMENTO RIMOSSO} - If you can, please give a log. 

## WANT TO CONTRIBUTE? ##
Help us to find to fix all bugs! 
Fork our Git repo: 
https://bitbucket.org/xspacesoft/prophunt-hidenseek-original

## CREDITS: ##
Credit goes for the original authors of both gamemodes and who made Prop Hunt compatible with GMOD 13. 
Originally written and released by Darkimmortal (TF2) 
Originally ported to GMod: AMT 
Fixed for GMod 13: Leleudk 
Enhanced an published: Me 
Thanks also who help answering people on the page :D 

If you are the author or if you have credit, and you don’t to see this mod on the Workshop anymore... just contact me 
Tested on Windows, Mac and Ubuntu Linux. . 

## DEPENDENCIES: ##
THIS MOD COULD REQUIRE CS:S (For some maps / elements)

## LICENSE: ##
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Update README.md to reflect intent of this fork

README.md, after:

# Prop Hunt (Hide'n'Seek) - Original #
Prop Hunt plays much like a Hide and Seek. Players on the RED team, disguised as props, are given a 30 second set up time to hide, and afterwards players on the BLUE team must find and kill them in the given time period. At the end of each round, teams are swapped: Hunters (BLUE) become the Hunted (RED) and vice versa. Respawns aren’t permitted until the end of each round. 
-Originally made for TF2 - 

## Note ##
This is a fork of the original, with the intent of adding the ability to change some basic values, such as amount of rounds and player speed / jump height. There will be no addtional features beyond this

## Known issues ##
ATTENTION! the addons "Post Processing PLUS" and "Player Weld Tool" are incompatible and have conflicts with the "Prop Hunt" mod if you have the "Post Processing PLUS" and "Player Weld Tool" addons enabled you cannot play the Prop Hunt mod, 
to play Prop Hunt mod disable these addons. 
(Thanks to ALMAJ) 

## F.A.Q. ##
Q: How do I download/subscribe/get this? 
A: It's pretty easy, just press the BIG GREEN button, and automatically Steam will install this for you 

Q: I Subscribed to Prop Hunt, Why it doesn't show in the Steam Library? 
A: Actually It downloads automatically when you launch Garry's Mod, When it's finished downloading, You can chose the gamemode from there. 

Q: I read A1, But I still did not get the addon. 
A: Do you have Garry’s mod? If not, then purchase the game. 

Q: Why do I need Garry’s mod for Prop Hunt to work? 
A: Well, Actually Prop Hunt is a gamemode addon for Garry's Mod. 

Q: Do I need something else to play? 
A: This gamemode might require CS:S for some props/maps. Anyway if you bought GMOD with CS:S you're ready to go ;) 

Q: How do I disguise as a prop? 
A: You need to be in the "hiders" team, obviously. If so, place yourself in front of a prop and press 'E'. 

Q: How do I swap team? 
A: Just press 'F2' 

Q: How can I taunt? <-- MUST TRY! 
A: Just press 'F3' when in prop mode. 

Q: I don't know ho this works! 
A: Check out the discussion "Help for Newer Players." by "☾ ILikeStargates ٣٩٤#" 

Q: There are error symbols and purple-black checkerboard .-. 
A: Check out the discussion "Solution for error symbols and purple-black checkerboard." 

Q: How do I play the game? 
A: You need at least one player in each team (Props and Hunters). The props (initially with Dr. Kleiner's skin) need to choose a prop in the current map and press 'E' to disguise as it. The Hunters need to find and kill them by shooting suspicious objects. If a hunter shoots an enemy team component, he gains some life points, elseif it loses some. 

Q: How do I use the fretta map vote? 
A: Actually, it's still a beta in this mod, I'm trying to fix it. Now you can only manually select a map from server list. 

## FOUND A BUG? ##
FIRST TRY TO DISABLE ALL PLUGINS! Check out also the incompatible plugins in the known issues thread u.u 
Just fill this form: {COLLEGAMENTO RIMOSSO} - If you can, please give a log. 

## WANT TO CONTRIBUTE? ##
Help us to find to fix all bugs! 
Fork our Git repo: 
https://bitbucket.org/xspacesoft/prophunt-hidenseek-original

## CREDITS: ##
Credit goes for the original authors of both gamemodes and who made Prop Hunt compatible with GMOD 13. 
Originally written and released by Darkimmortal (TF2) 
Originally ported to GMod: AMT 
Fixed for GMod 13: Leleudk 
Enhanced an published: Me 
Thanks also who help answering people on the page :D 

If you are the author or if you have credit, and you don’t to see this mod on the Workshop anymore... just contact me 
Tested on Windows, Mac and Ubuntu Linux. . 

## DEPENDENCIES: ##
THIS MOD COULD REQUIRE CS:S (For some maps / elements)

## LICENSE: ##
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
